Filip Ruszala

*Story 4
-----------------------------------
mkmedicalplus.gr

My first impression after visit that page was like 'What a beautiful colors!' Orange, black and white looks like perfect combination. That gradient background color it's just amazing. Animations are very delicate, but classy. Navigation bar works perfect and there is everything what I need. I like round images around the site. Footer looks really good with social medias, address and contact number. You can see advertisments of best sellers on front page, that's a great idea. I would buy cosmetics from that website, just to try definetely.

fiverr.com

Home Page is doing great first impression right away after entrance.
Colors on the header of that website are keeping my attention right away.
Photos of people there are in great quality and fits well into that header
Positions of Navigational features are also well done.
Search bar is well placed and everything around it its easy to understand.
It's very clear and there is not much things that will distract my attention.
Its just simple.
Logo of this website is also very simple and the "dot" fits the color of the Search button.
People on that photos are from different ethnic backgrounds, that is really smart choice.
Scrolling down through that page i can see everything clearly.
Easy to understand what is going on in general there.
From Informational components i dont see a lot of push notifications , pop-up messages. In my opinion this is good, 
because a lot of people dont like "unnecessary" things around the website
Footer of the website is quite simple and also easy to understand for average person.
Also catch the visitor’s attention and guide them deeper into the website when they reached the bottom of the page.
I think for a ecommerce website like Fiverr there shoudl be a Live Chat with support. 
So thats one of the thing i would like to have there. 
In general for me Fiverr is an example of clear/easy to understand/good looking for an eye website

https://www.adidas.co.uk/

I pick this site because of intuitive menu. The huge well designed picture of high quality shoes on the front page is definetely bringing customer attention. At the same time graphic is not overwhelming because when You scroll down You back to the standard ecommerce graphic.
Despite huge amount of pictures website is still loading pretty fast and running very smoothly. It's easy to find a product which You like.
